 “Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there,” we chant. Another agent appears inside the pentagram and screams. The dark l…
" “My god, it’s the zombie apocalypse. Everyone grab the most critical items and get ready to run”
*me holding a Shrek 2 DV…"
" [after standing in line staring at mcdonalds menu for 17 minutes]
me: ok im ready. can you help me not be sad all the time"
" [my tweet gets 16 likes] 
wow 😳😳 since this is blowing up, check out my gofundme project raising money to tape a bunch of…"
" *at a restaurant with a baby*
separate checks please"
" *at a restaurant with a baby*
separate checks please"
" *robbers burst into bank*
EVERYONE PUT YOUR HANDS UPDOG
*bank manager frowns*
What's updog?
WE'RE ROBBING THIS BANK WHAT'…"
" 2013 twitter: why would i send someone a direct message? thats weird lol

2018 twitter: [dm to a random girl] hey honestl…"
 2018 is the year of the dog so i am out here gently begging 2018 to pls, pls be a good dog
 280 characters? folks, what is this, game of thrones? LMAOO. seriously though, ive been eating out of my neighbors garbag…
 700 inch olive garden breadstick :/
 A man walks into a horse bar. Why the shoface, asks the horse bartender. The man begins crying. He is the last human l…
 after 13 cups of coffee i am now ready to stamy day
 all clothes r unisex if u stop giving a shit
 alright team, lets bust a nut out there
 another lonely night without one direction
 another lonely night without one direction
 anyone down to go to prison or something i'm pretty bored
 anyone wanna knock me out in the club
 anything will ruin ur day if ur sensitive enough
 babe tell the truth are u talking to other dudes on animal crossing or no
" bank account: please.. please stop buying things you dont need ...,, i am dying 

me: but... but i need really need this…"
 becoming older than 8 years old was the biggest mistake of my life
 been sad all morning cause i realized shrek doesnt have a last name
" boy: ru the big spoon or little spoon 

me: im a knife"
 children are so strange i just had seven (7) young boys on my front porch demanding to see my cat. they had a leader. i open…
" coachella checklist for tonight:
-pay 18 for one beer, pretend im drunk
-have a girl sit on my shoulders until my legs gi…"
 could a depressed person do this? *sleeps well into the afternoon despite not being tired*
 crying at dennys
 crying at dennys
" cute girl: hey
me: hmm... this must be fake news"
 Dam! 😳 This one really blowing up! 😩 while yall here, check out my gofundme im raising money to pay someone to Kick My Ass
 damn i need me a girl whos a freak but also chill and tall but kinda shoand likes sports but dont really like sports h…
 damn life really be like a tortilla
" DATE: are you on twitter?
ME: no
DATE: i just found you.. isnt this you?
ME: haha what. no. not me
DATE: this one literal…"
 depression after years of having it isnt even sadness anymore its just being exhausted and being allowed 1 emotion a week a…
 did it huwhen u fell from heaven bc it huwhen i did
 Did you know that if everyone in the U.S. donated just one pint of blood, we could pour it over the Statue of Liberty and…
 doctor: im sorry to have to tell you this but you have instagram comedian disease. which explains why you can only talk i…
 does anyone remember when lol meant “laughing out loud” instead of “this is to indicate that this brief text isnt hostile”
 fuck being sad its 2017 we positive as hell from now on. call up your boy and tucc him into bed. kiss a bird. ride a hors…
 get u a man who is literally paul blart
" girl scout: hi how are you

me: THIN MINT"
 girl u thicc like the got damn pillsbury doughboy
 good morning i want to get knocked the fuck out
 good morning i want to get knocked the fuck out
 good morning pls pass me the tequila rise and grind
 good morning someone punch me in the fucking face!!!!!!!
" grandpa: my boy.. before i die... i just want to let you know that-

me: lmaoo the wendy’s twitter account just fucking o…"
" guy at coffee shop: can u watch my laptop
me: sure
[3 minutes go by]
guy: thanks
me: ok so what are we"
 guys will use a shoelace as a belt and staacting brand new
 hamburger help me
 hate to be problematic but i feel like the sesame street writers were just being lazy when they decided to name him "big…
 haters will say its photoshop. but my ass is actually that small on its own
 haters will say its photoshop. but my ass is actually that small on its own
 i bet most ppl who wear nirvana t-shirts cant even name three noble truths of buddhism
 i hate to get political on first dates but damn girl u thicc like chris christie
 i heard ur man doesnt even get his daily recommended intake of vitamin c
 i need to like lint roll myself on a physical and emotional level
 i put a snapchat filter on donald trump during the debate.. ha ha :P all my friends say i should do stand-up lol
 i thought everything was kinda calm but turns out im just ignoring every single one of my problems
 if cuffing season is over and ur absolutely back on ur bullshit
 if ironic memes have rendered you unable to express genuine feelings to others but ur ok with it because being extreme…
 if u die at hot topic no one will notice for like a week they will just think you're dark &amp; mysterious
 if ur man ever say the word "scrumptious" out loud in public just dump him
 If you swipe a pentagram shape on Tinder you get to go on a date with Satan
 if you're gonna pinch me just fucking knock me out
 im drunk and i need u all to understand that if bernie sanders was a sandwich he would be bernie sandwich
 imagine falling in love with someone and getting married then finding out they retweet cloyd rivers
 imagine falling in love with someone and years later finding out they thought the killing of harambe was justified
 in 2018 we being wholesome as shit u better text ur homies “hey i hope u had a good day” every night before bed
 In his college years Jesus could turn oregano into weed
" interviewer: any questions
me: do u think ratatouille is hot"
" interviewer: any questions
me: do u think ratatouille is hot"
" interviewer: were looking for someone thats willing to take risks
me: *stabs a dorito with a fork* go on"
 it's not easy being a fucking piece of shit
" its 4/20 you know what that means!!

-quit my job
-take 3 hits of weed in someones garage and get way too high
-come home…"
 jimmy john lowkey thicc
 jimmy john lowkey thicc
 just got done having a mental breakdown in papa john's what the fuck is the move tonight
 just had a mental breakdown standing in line fucking crying waiting to order fries what's the move after tho
 just saw this video where the kid says "damn daniel!" lol. freakin hilarious
 just sent nudes to all my bros happy valentine's day fellas
" ladies you have $15 to spend on the perfect man

$300 - works out
$200 - smart
$400 - smells nice
$70 - has a job
$10 - i…"
" ladies you have $5 to build the perfect man

$300 - tall
$200 - smart
$400 - has a good job
$1 - is a rat 
$3 - is a chef
$…"
 lil uzi the cutest mf in the rap game right now if u ever need a place to stay bro hmu youre not sleeping on the couch we…
" lil wayne: real g’s move in silence like lasagna

garfield: yo this song fucking slaps"
 lollipops are so weird like ur literally swallowing ur own flavored saliva
 man fuck the fcc this sucks we gonna have to stasending nudes by carrier pigeon now
 me after buying things for myself and trying not to feel guilty about it: *through gritted teeth* s-self care
 me as soon as im feeling any type of depression creeping upon myself: i need to buy…something..
" me sober in an uber: 

me drunk in an uber: ya but you see, their parents never catch them. the sister is always trying t…"
 me to my alarm in the morning: i was literally sleeping but go off I guess
" me: hey

guy who runs fake bryson tiller account: if u dont bring positive energy, i wont vibe with u... simple as that."
" me: i have depression 
guy on instagram with 200k followers: honestly its not that hard just create an ecosystem of po…"
" ME: Is he going to make it?
DOCTOR: No. I’m afraid he’s down with the sickness
ME: *crying* oohwahahahah
DOCTOR: *holds h…"
" me: what do u mean my friend cant come in
bouncer: theres no way hes 21
me: but-
stualittle: dude its fine lets just go"
" ME: will you be my valentine?
FORMER VICE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN: how did you get in my house"
" mechanic: so what seems to be the problem

me: well i dont know. i guess it all started when my parents got divorced

mec…"
 might fuck around and take a shower naked
 might just say fuck it and become a chair
 millennial culture is saying “uh yeah i sure hope it does” whenever passing by a road work ahead sign
 my body is a temple...ancient and crumbling and probably cursed or haunted or something
" my body: pls eat some fruits and vegetables im begging u

me: u want bread? i got u some bread"
" my date: im really interested in space. i think its fascinating

me, trying to impress her: i had sex with elon musk"
 my room also known as stupid idiot jail
 no i dont take constructive criticism i only take cash or credit
 no offense but why do ppl think a weird extensive knowledge of films is like....a decent substitute for a personality?
 oh ur a cubs fan now? name literally three different species of bears u fuckin idiot
 ok everyone the decision is final and once again i am back on my fucking bullshit
" oprah: surprise!! look under your chairs!!
audience: ... bread?
oprah: BREAD
[audience members eyes all roll into the bac…"
 Over there sits your childhood stuffed animal slowly losing atoms to chaos. Piece by piece he says goodbye. Piece by piec…
" person: all girls r so beautiful 

me: yes i agree

me: *remembers tht i too am a girl*

me: with 1 unfortunate exception"
 physically im here but mentally im out in the jungle naked with my fists full of wild geckos
 ppl without glasses are really out here seeing for free
 pray for me...nothings wrong i just want more power
 quitting everything to sell meth c ya later fucking losers
 romeo? romeo? wherefore athou romeo? oh my fucking god he fucking dead
 seasonal depression is just my normal depression only im cold
 so excited for the new Cars 3 movie i heard lightning mcqueen is going to try heroin
 sometimes you just need to sit down and take a huge fucking hit of meth
 sorry it took me 3 weeks to text back i was making potato salad
 starting a cult and we just throw hot dogs at walls and cry hmu
 take off ur shoes before u enter my twitter page
 thanks to the spring weather my seasonal depression has ended and is now replaced by regular depression
 that story you posted of you driving listening to music was fucking sick haha nice!
 The “AR” in AR-15 doesn’t stand for “assault rifle” idiots it stands for Aaron Rodgers, quarterback of the Green Bay Pack…
 The basketball shot clock was invented in 1954 after a player hid the ball under his shifor 48 minutes and told everyo…
 the thot thiccens....
" therapist: u have to say something positive about yourself 

me: my bellybutton is an innie"
 this is my goldfish his name is wet little bitch
 this is our first thanksgiving since grandpa was diagnosed with relatable teen quote disease. he keeps saying shit like “…
 throwing a mental breakdown party in papa john's dm for address
 took my pet tequila bottle out for a walk but it's too damn cold he froze and exploded :/
" TRUMP: I just have one hard hitting question for all you video game makers
VIDEO GAME INDUSTRY: ok
TRUMP: how the hell do…"
 trump: im not racist. im friends with frederick douglass. he goes to a different school though you wouldn't know him
" TRUMP: lets play chess
MIKE PENCE: sure Mr. President
TRUMP: my horse guy flies across the board and hits your king in th…"
 u ever be like damn...this toothpaste spicy as hell
 u kno when ur hair is greasy and it makes u feel so so so bad about urself and ur entire life everything is awful bc my hai…
 u know my name not how much xanax i just did at red lobster
 u know my name not how much xanax i just did at red lobster
" uber driver: bye
me: text me when u get home safe"
" uber driver: bye
me: text me when u get home safe"
 veggie tales lowkey thicc
 veggie tales lowkey thicc
" waiter: we only have tap water, is that okay?

me: listen i wouldn’t even care if you shot me with a gun"
 we need a disney princess that listens to screamo
 we need a disney princess that listens to screamo
 We need a Disney princess who plays basketball in outer space with NBA players against a team of bad guys called Monstars…
 we need a disney princess with chlamydia
 we need a disney princess with chlamydia
 when a person in a leather jacket hugs another person in a leather jacket they turn into a motorcycle
 whenever a cute girl looks at me in the gym i can never tell if its cause she thinks im cute or cause i have 16 legs
 where can i purchase a dog with laser beam eyes
 whoever invented smoothies is literally a god to me like thanks bitch for enabling me to drink like 20 bananas this is what…
 why am i playing fortnite in the club
 why does it feel like im in a race with every 18-25 yr old on earth and im losing
 why is being alive so expensive im not even having a good time
 Why isn't a fleet of helicopters just called hellacopters.
 why was there always one kid in middle school who had a shithat said “pain is just weakness leaving the body” lmao chi…
 why would u eat healthy?????? to live longer ???? all im hearing are two negatives
 will not be watching the fight tonight, ill be reading the BIBLE. ladies dm if ur also reading the bible
 will u be the yee to my haw
 wow, donald trump is TIME's person of the year. know who else was person of the year? i dont know, i cant read
 y do boys spit on the ground so much why must they poison our earth
 ya i'm a fucking crackhead so what!!
 ya ok whose ass i gotta eat for 2 billion dollars
 yall still wearing weed leaf socks in 2017??? LMAOO couldnt be me. i dont even wear socks im homeless
 yo yo mic check 1, 2, im depressed
 your mcm says "doggo" and "pupper" out loud
"""Finally, Avengers time baby!! Been waiting so long to watch this. Nothing could ruin this moment for...""
[Neil Degrass…"
 having a gender reveal party tomorrow for the hamster i just got at petco. nothin crazy just gonna flip it over and see if…
 To the lady at Costco with her son on a leash. I'm sorry that I asked if he was a rescue.

The profanity wasn't necessary b…"
 ""Have you tried... not thinking about skeletons?"" my therapist asks.

I look at her.

I look at the skeleton inside her try…"
 Depression feels like what fluorescent lights sound like.
 we need a disney princess who gets up early
we need a disney princess who stays up late
we need a disney princess with unin…"
children are so strange i just had seven (7) young boys on my front porch demanding to see my cat. they had a leader. i open…
"Date - ""I really dig intellectual guys""
Me [after 40 seconds of silence] ""dogs are tall cats"""
don't call yourself a great driver if you can't even fit your whole car in your ass
"Executioner - ""any last words?""
Me - ""big mood"""
flats require dexterity and scrutiny, they're there to measure your charisma and judgment, drums function as the contrary, the…
i have quit smoking cigarettes except for when i'm drinking. this is also known as, "not quitting smoking cigarettes"
if you don’t love me at my *picture of a rat* then you don’t deserve me at my *picture of ratatouille making a delicio…
if you don’t love me at my *picture of a rat* then you don’t deserve me at my *picture of ratatouille making a delicio…
Imagine if a cop pulled you over but when you looked up at him he was every member of Wu Tang stacked on each other's s…
"ladies you have $5 to build the perfect man

$300 - tall
$200 - smart
$400 - has a good job
$1 - is a rat 
$3 - is a chef
$…"
"Me (young, naive); I hope something good happens

Me (now): I hope whatever bad thing happens is at least funny"

  if pac was alive he’d be posting misogynist hotep memes on instagram and agreeing with kanye
"  top 5 coolest things to say b4 u nut

5. surfs up 
4. whoops
3. couldn't think of one
2. i got a new dance for you called the…"
   Not sure if you sent me a broken link [Skeptical Fry] or the link won't open on my phone #TextMemes
"  - -

DRINK ENERGY SHOT

[pic of me flailing around trying to catch a fly with my bare hands]

USE UP ENERGY ON STUPID SHIT

- -…"
"  -So, what turns you on James?
-put on this sundress
-hmmm, yes sir
-and these cute glasses
-ok..
-now wave and make eye cont…"
"  ""Congrats CasuallyE, you've been nominated for a Shoy Award!""
""What category?""
""Uhh...""
""What category?""
""Weird""
""That hur…"
"  ""Hey Kev, nice shi""
""Let me guess, April fools?""
""No Kevin, I just wanted to instill the confidence a stylish man like you…"
  "Hey man I invited a girl over for dinner but I can't cook, do you have one of those cooking strategy guides I can borrow?"…
"  ""hi, small coffee with wholesome milk pls""
""Whole milk?""
""Wholesome milk""
""Whats the difference?""
""Wholesome milk comes with…"
"  ""How come you never get upset?""
""I just don't feel emotions very strongly. At least since the accident""
""What accident?""
""Be…"
"  ""I love how u say things so sarcastically with such a straight face""
""What no I don’t""
""Hahaha like that""
""Im not doing anyt…"
"  ""I'm always worrying about what other people think of me""
""Don't worry, no one thinks about you"""
"  ""look at all this snow! What happened to global warming???""
""It's worse than it's ever been Karen"""
"  ""Not too often people your age are interested in antiques""

But I was just checking out my own reflection in the window. Heh…"
"  ""Ok it's just an exam. Don't panic. Take it one question at a time""

Class #: ____
""fuck""
Professor: _____
""shit""
Date: ____…"
"  ""We love the videos, but we would like to speak with your animator""
""Ceainly""
*deepens voice slightly*
""hello it is me, th…"
"  ""When you get retweets do you make money?""
""haha no""
""There a hi-score or something?""
""haha no""
""So it's just for your self-…"
"  ""Yeah I actually have a YouTube channel where I make comedy videos""
""Oh, so like, vlogs?""

My feelings :("
"  “I want to get more followers but I don’t want to tweet pointless observations, quotes or stupid memes.”

“You’re obviously…"
"  “I would date someone older”
“Like 5 years older?”
“yeah”
“Like texts with their index finger older?”
“oh no”"
"  “Oh my god! Watch out for the kids on the road!”
“Don't worry, they’re nothing for two tons of rolling steel.”"
"  [At passpo office]
“So can I smile for the photo?”
“No you can’t.”
…
“I mean look like there’s still some life in you thou…"
"  [Dentist drops rotary grinding tool into patients mouth. Blood everywhere]
Dentist: “You need to floss more”"
"  [Me at Job Interview]
Interviewer: sell me this pen
Me: wow this is a nice pen, I'll just keep it."
"  [Me discretely people watching with sunglasses]
Lady: The sunglasses don't hide your erection
Me: I am so sorry
Lady: get so…"
"  [Me on fire]
""Holy shit dude you're on fire, stop, drop and roll!!!""
[Me to self] ""ok ok people are watching don't fuck it u…"
"  *KNOCK* *KNOCK*
Police: “IT’S THE POLICE. OPEN UP.”
Me: “Sometimes I just feel really unappreciated”"
"  #GuyFieryBooks 
Little house on the Fieri
The hitchhikers guide to Flavoown
The lion, the witch, and the man with bleached…"
"  20's: damn, life is an uphill battle
30's: damn, life is all downhill from here."
  All group project members (to self): "These guys are idiots why don't they realize my idea is the best"
  Be wary when a parent invites you for lunch out of the blue. They're either lonely or want you to spend 5 hours insulating t…
"  Blind girl: nice meeting you
Me: yeah you too
Blind girl: I'll see you soon
Me (holding back tears): I’m sure you will, I’m…"
"  David Blaine: watch me stick this pen thru my hand
Me: why would u do that
DB: just watch
Me: David if u want attention ther…"
"  Depressing follow-up:
""Hey Dad, ever do an online tax return? Its so easy""
""Yeah its pretty good if you only have simple tax…"
"  Dining Goals 
Home: make something healthy and appetizing
Restaurant: enjoy a tasty meal and nice ambience
Buffet: bankrupt…"
  Don’t you hate it when one train pulls away from another train and you can’t tell which one is stationary and which one to j…
"  friend: ""hey can you do me a favour?""
*me thinking*  ""better scope it out before committing don't want t-""
 me: ""yeah sure"""
"  Friend: all u do all day is look at pointless memes and videos that you forget about an hour later
Me: it is the journey not…"
"  Friend: Hey!! How are you??
Me: Pretty good u
F: I just got a new place!! Think you could help me move??
M: Sorry my battery…"
"  Friend: ur great grandpa had children, ur grandpa had children, ur dad had children, you can do it
Me: do what?
Friend: put…"
"  Friend: yo don't you hate it when you come up with the perfect comeback but the argument is already over?
Me: oh no I avoid…"
"  Genie: I will grant u 3 wishes
Me: I wish for u to be free
Genie: right away? then u don't get the other 2 wishes
Me: I want…"
"  Getting Underwear and Socks as Presents:
Me (as teen) ""this is the worst Christmas ever""
Me (as adult): ""this is the best Ch…"
"  Girl: Heyyyyy wanna hang out??
Me: Why
G: What day is it today!!
M: Tuesday
G: noooo...
M: Yes it is
G: .....
M: shit is it…"
  Good news guys! Bowled a 215 and she didn't have a fucking chance.
  Happy Canada Day to one of the greatest countries in the world, and probably even top 3 in Noh America!
"  Her: I really like you but I’m married
Me: Wouldn’t be the first time I’ve broken up a marriage
Her: What, really?
Me: Shout…"
  Hey @elonmusk, after you make cars drive themselves can you sta working on countries?
  How do you lower the difficulty settings on tinder?
"  How I Introduce Myself

1. Remember
- their name.
- my name.
- how to shake hands.

2. Pick two"
"  How to become famous on Twitter:

1. Already be famous"
"  How to get a job:
“What do you think is your biggest weakness?”
“I never learn from my mistakes.”
“Ok. Why’s that?” 
“I don’…"
  I don't get emergency funds. I mean if I'm on vacation and my appendix gives up, why would I spend $20,000 when I could just…
  I have been working on my veical in case there's an eahquake.
"  I have countless good date ideas:
Drunk Painting
Drunk Baking
Drunk Lego
Drunk Photography
The common element? Creative and…"
  I just spent the last 25 minutes looking for my resumé file and finally found it in Videos under a folder named "NSFW". Fuck…
  I like listening to hip hop but 95% of the time I'm just nodding my head like "Yeah. I can't relate to any of this"
  I think I need to lighten up my material a bit. I'm rewatching my own video thinking "shit is this guy ok?"
"  I thought it would be funny if my only follow was the PornHub page, but now my feed is filled exclusively with porn. 

Win-W…"
  I was just walking to the kitchen, then I tripped and spilled cleaning detergent all over the floor. What a rollercoaster of…
  I was trying to figure out how dogs can be so kind to any person of any race, yet we find it so hard. I guess dogs just don'…
  If I were any worse at telling narcissistic jokes I’d still be the best at it.
  If someone says something as stupid as “wow you don’t believe they actually landed on the moon do you?” You should probably…
  If we are to slow down global warming, we need better access the sun's energy. This is the only way we can destroy it once a…
"  Internet provider: “in order to avoid conflict with customers, we run server maintenance between 2am and 4am”
Me: “do u know…"
"  Interviewer: so, what's your biggest weakness?
Me: I don't learn from my mistakes
Interviewer: and why's that?
Me: I don't m…"
"  Judge: Using this doll, show the jury where Mr. Rogers touched you
Kid: *Points to hea*"
"  Little Cousin: the other kids at school laugh at me :(
Me: that sucks kids laughed at me too
Little C: what did u do?
Me: ma…"
  Local Man Ignores 'Hard to Get' Girl's Reverse Psychology, Continues Struggle to Understand Regular Psychology
"  Me: ""Hey, my parents aren't home, let's smash""
Girl: ""ok, be right over ;)""
[girl enters]
Me: ""where is ur gamecube controll…"
"  Me: ""You're never going to see her again, what do you have to lose?""
Me: ""Self-esteem""
Me: ""Oh yeah better not"""
"  Me: Can I give ur guide dog a pat he’s rubbing my hand with his head
Blind girl: no not when he is on duty
Guide dog [woofin…"
"  Me: I have a headache. How many Tylenol should I take?
Pharm: All of them
Me: Seems like a lot for a headache
Ph: That wasn'…"
"  Me: I want to be a comedian
Family: hahahhahahahha
Me [to self]: this is going even better than I thought"
  Me: If a million people sent me a dollar, each person would only be down a dollar, but I'd have a million dollars! Hard to c…
"  Me: listen to this new music
Friend: oh yeah yeah this is pretty good
*45 seconds later*
Me (thinking): oh god when do I sto…"
  My dad says that millenials are lazy and have never accomplished anything, but we are responsible for creating the entire in…
  My friend became vegan and now he's completely changed. This morning he was carrying a rope and told me he was going to a na…
"  My life:
2006: “Nice NASA fanny pack u fkn nerd”
2016: “Nice NASA fanny pack u fkn hypebeast” 
2026: “Nice NASA fanny pack u…"
"  My mom called me to say ""You better not put me in one of your videos or else I will censor it"".

Damn I didn't think she cou…"
  One of my favourite qualities of my friend Jimmy is that he’ll tell a joke, laugh at himself, then say “wow, that was a real…
"  Pal: Hey dude what do you call those people who are so rich they make money faster than they can even spend it?
Me: Fucking…"
"  Pal: how do u learn comedy?
Me: u just suffer thru the dark times until u get a laugh
Pal: When did u get ur first laugh?
Me…"
"  Psych Admin: ""Sir, your IQ results are in, you scored 91""
Me: ""Wow, my first A+"""
  Putting frozen blueberries in hot oatmeal is some next-gen shit. So good.
"  Putting the alarm across the room so I would get up on time – sma.
Trusting future me to actually get up when it went off…"
  Quick Tip: If you cook spaghetti in Gatorade it will rehydrate faster.
"  Santa: I have brought you the greatest gift you could receive.
Orphan: oh my god, is it a fami-
Santa: yes, an Xbox 
Orphan:…"
"  Science Fact:

Light itself has no mass, which is why it's called light."
"  Socrates: The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing
Me: but I know everything
Socrates: no you don’t
Socrates: wait"
  tfw you think your shower singing is really good, then when you take a video you realize “damn, my dick is smaller than I th…
  The biggest fear of introves is losing their hearing, because then they couldn't listen. The biggest fear of extroves is…
  The middle class can work together to become much more powerful. With 1 roommate they can afford rent, but with 2 they can a…
  There are so many things that that older generations just don't get. The other day I was like “hey dad, do you wanna help me…
  This morning I'm looking at some stock prices. I don't know what I'm doing but I feel wealthier.
"  thug: give me ur money
me: ur gonna mug me with all those police behind u?
thug: *looks back* ooh u tricked me 
thug: hey wh…"
"  Ty for bringing the books that inspire u most, Pam?
Pam: Moby Dick
Tom: Gatsby
Me: *tucking away The Very Hungry Caterpillar…"
  While a degree might not guarantee you a job, 10k a year for hope is an absolute bargain.
  Why do celebrities never reply to me on Twitter?
  You could pay $5,000 for a Gucci suit and people might think you're cool, but if you were actually cool Gucci would have pai…
"  [walk into bank]

excuse me what aisle can i find the cold hard cash im fresh out"
  damn i always thought people drank milk with oreos cause they were spicy
  does anyone know how to turn off beast mode im getting worried
  does money expire
  dont wanna flex on yall but i literally have hundreds of dollars
  dr phil type beat
  fuck i woke up in beast mode again
  god damn it im stuck in beast mode again
  happy april fools day. sike bitch
  i always thought it was the philadelphia beagles
  I bet real mountain dew tastes nothing like the soda
  im a sad meme boy
  its fuckin dope that for christmas ppl just send other people pictures of themselves in the mail
  kelsey asked a 4 year old what she wants to be when she grows up and she said a rainbow and i just think its crazy that 6ix9ine…
  look im sorry for juuling at your cousins baby shower
  me [at the club]: what are your black friday deals
  my favorite fall vegetable is a sweet potato
  new year new me baby
  no offense but im hammered
  parents getting divorced type beat
  pizza is my valentine!!!!!! hahahahah right?????????? a big pizza pie! the good stuff!!!! haha a damn pizza. i have sex with pi…
  russ invented bitcoin
  smokin on that kombucha
  thank you so much for posting that “about me” template on your story. i was wondering what your favorite book was
  things you shouldn't get twisted: it
  thinking about cracking a Cold One
  wearing a neck pillow at the club
  yeah sex is cool
"  yeet haha

remember that"
 A college students brain is made up of five things: stress, pizza, naps, coffee and studying.
 As soon as you think “I’ll just wake up early and do it tomorrow” you’ve already lost
 College: where getting 75% attendance is harder than passing the exams.
 Cumulative final exams are like fights in relationships. Why must we continue to bring up the past? What’s done is done
 How is studying going? My nap was great, thanks for asking.
 I am rapidly running out of tomorrows on which to begin studying
 I'm telling FAFSA about y'alls spring break trips
 Idk what’s longer..microwave minutes, treadmill minutes, or sitting through class minutes
 It’s the worst when you debate going to a class and end up going cuz you think you’ll miss something, then you do NOTHI…
 Just a college student seeking any motivation to make it through the semester.
" Me: *doesn’t drink soda because it’s unhealthy*

Me: *drinks alcohol*"
" Me: I need to get an A on this test

Me: doesn’t study"
 My life is like that episode of Friends where Ross drinks all those margaritas and keeps telling everyone he’s fine whe…
 My to do list keeps getting longer and longer and my motivation is less and less.
 Nothing is more annoying than a person who says “they failed an exam” but in reality they get a 90% and u actually fail…
 People are always like “so are you a morning person or a night person” and I’m like buddy I’m barely even a person
 Ravioli ravioli give me the answers to my examioli
 Sunday - The day where you come to the realization that you’ve procrastinated too much
 Sunday's are for realizing u need to get your life together but still procrastinating until 11pm and then swearing you'…
 Who knew the value of a textbook could depreciate 97% in 4 months?
 Will I finish my degree or will it finish me? Tune in to see the next episode of WTF is my life.
 Wishing I was at Hogwas because their final exams are always cancelled
" [calls work]
Me: hey, so sorry but I can't come in today
Boss: why not
Me: ...
Boss: David?
Me: hold on, I'm thinking"
another day volunteering at the betsy ross museum. everyone keeps asking me if they can fuck the flag. buddy, they wont even let…
 fuck the ALS ice bucket challenge .. forget the mannequin challenge .. it’s 2018 .. it’s time we really make a difference .. if…
 i know migos dont know enough words to be making a whole 24 track album
  Did Kayne &amp; Lil Tay take the heat away from 6ixn9ne? 😂 Whose cooler to hate on right now? 👀 Why did the comet hit dusty d…
  Ugliest rapper of the year.
  Shkreli should serve an extra 7 years for looking like Mr Meseeks
"  At the gym doing sit ups. 

boy: ""21... 22... 23..."" 

hot girl walks by 

""124... 125... 126..."""
"  Awkward moment 

when you say ""I love you"" 

and she says ""OK""."
"  Dear fridge, 

I'll be back in half an hour. Please go shopping. 

Sincerely, hungry."
"  Dear LOL 

Thanks for being there when I have nothing else to say."
"  Dear sneeze, 

If you're gonna happen, happen. Don't put a stupid look on my face and leave it at that. 

Sincerely,…"
"  Did you study for the test? 

Nerd: All week long.

Most of people: I read the chapter.

Me: What test?!"
"  Don't follow your dreams. 

Chase them."
"  Fridge full of food u say nothing to eat. 

Wardrobe full of clothes you say nothing to wear. 

Internet full of sites…"
"  Guy texting a girl: 

""I love you."" (erases his text) 

""I missed you."" (erases his text) 

""Hi"" (message sent)"
"  How to get a woman mad in 2 easy steps: 

1. Take a picture of her. 

2. Don't show it to her."
"  I didn't fall.

The floor just needed a hug."
"  I eat less. I'm hungry. 

I eat more. I'm hungry."
"  I really don't care about the pay. 

I only came for free food."
"  In the restaurant: 

Would you like a table?

No, a lamp for 5 please."
"  Lazy rule:

If ice falls, kick it under the fridge."
"  Lazy rule: 

Can't reach it? 

Don't need it."
"  Lets stay up all night!

2 hours later.

Screw this! I'm tired."
"  Me: If I open this bag really slowly no one will hear it. 

CRUSHSHSH!!!!!"
"  Not all goodbyes are sad. 

Example: Goodbye class"
"  Old enough to know better. 

Young enough to do it anyway."
"  Sleep + social life = bad grades. 

Good grades + sleep = no social life. 

Good grades + social life = no sleep."
"  So I'm invisible to you now? 

That's cool. 

I've always wanted a superpower."
"  Teacher: 

Stop clicking your pens 

Class: 

Click, Click, Click, Click ..... Click"
"  Teachers call it ""the bathroom"". 

We call it ""I’m bored, I’m leaving""."
"  The 3 biggest lies: 

I love you.

I'm fine.

Sorry, that was my last piece of gum."
"  Top 5 lies that girls tell: 

1. I'm fine. 
2. I'm not jealous. 
3. I'm over him. 
4. Sure we can be friends. 
5. It's…"
"  When I say 

there's nothing to eat 

I mean there's nothing I like."
"  You can't spell 

A-W-E-S-O-M-E 

without ME"
  This girl thinks she’s coming over to for a dick appointment but really I’m just gonna make her listen to Fleetwood Mac in the d…
  “Please get a job” my mom desperately cries from outside my room as I strategically photoshop an image of something I like on…
  24+ year olds, what’s the move tonight? Are we staying in and avoiding a debilitating day-long hangover or desperately clingi…
  Asked the girl from my biology group project if she’s free to meet up tonight and now her psychopath boyfriend is texting me…
  Biggest buzzkill is when you offer someone a shot and they say some polite shit like “no thank you” and then proceed to drink…
  College is crazy because you can be in the library working on a 280 character tweet that thousands of people are gonna see wh…
  Commenting “photo creds” is an absolute power move because it’s an easy way of letting everyone know that, A. you have the ab…
  Don’t complain about “finals week” if you’re still in high school. I didn’t study for a single test in high school and now I’…
  Funny how the same girl who used to make fun of me for being a “loser” in high school is always blowing up my phone now and t…
  Hate when people you know in real life call you out for not following them back on twitter. Just because you’re “one of my be…
  Hey everyone, I’ll be deactivating my Twitter and taking a break from social media to focus on myself and my career goals. If…
  Hey guys, my dad was recently diagnosed with a rare hea condition and the medical bills have been overwhelming for my paren…
  I staed drinking massive amounts of water to compensate for the fact that I live a repulsively unhealthy lifestyle and I’m…
  I’m stuck in this gray area where I’m comfoable with shitting in public but I’m not comfoable with other people hearing t…
  If I ignore your call and then text you “hey did you call?” 7 hours later, then don’t be a shitty friend and try to call me a…
  If you play “No Limit” by G Eazy at your friend Greyson’s NYE pay at his parents’ ski lodge and rap G Eazy’s entire verse f…
  Imagine being blown away by the beauty of your son’s prom date and feeling genuinely proud of him for the first time in years…
  It’s so sad how today’s generation of kids don’t even go outside anymore bc they’re addicted to smaphones. What happened to…
"  Me: did you hear about how all the tweetdeck accounts got permanently suspended

My friends who have professional careers, so…"
  My best friend just found out his fiancé cheated on him when he was deployed in Afghanistan and now he’s trying to cancel his…
"  My step dad told me it was pointless to apply to med school bc I was “too stupid to be a doctor”

8 years later and one of us…"
  Parents need to stop babying their kids so much. I went from getting bullied almost every day when I was in 5th grade to bein…
  Please say a quick prayer for my sister. She’s stuck in a remote village in Uganda for her mission trip and none of the pics…
  Pretty sure the dude who sits next to me in physics thinks I’m on drugs because I’m always calling him by the wrong name and…
  Self care is so impoant. End the toxic relationship you’re in and sta dating the first guy who’s remotely nice to you. Co…
  The 50+ year old dads who always make fun of millennials for “expecting handouts” are the same people who coached little leag…
  The American dream is getting accepted to a major college, spending 5-6 years binge drinking &amp; abusing drugs, getting a usele…
  The mental image of DJ Khaled having sexual intercourse has been stuck in my head for the last 4 hours and it’s bone chilling
  This Keaton Jones story is a heawarming reminder that the best way to emotionally suppo our loved ones is by filming thei…
  What’s the move tonight fellas? Are we still meeting up two hours before the pregame to rehearse the lyrics to Drake’s new so…
  What’s the move tonight fellas? My fake got taken last weekend but I still have 2 cans of Busch Light and a water bottle that…
  Your mcm has no plans so he’s about to show up to a pregame uninvited and take shots of other people’s liquor until he has en…
  Your mcm took 60mg of adderall and drank an entire 32oz can of Monster just to study for his Intro to Biology final that’s to…
  Need a chick who will throw her whole shit back for a mcdouble
  anytime I tried biting into my reese’s pieces while watching A Quiet Place I felt like I was risking the safety of the theat…
  gonna be wild when yeezy season 6 includes distressed MAGA caps
  i dont ever worry about being liked on the internet cause yall dont even know what yall like till you're told to like it
  infinity war cemented tom holland as the best spiderman. I’m saying this as someone who's been defending tobey maguire my wh…
  j cole not even in my top 10 favorite rappers but i really watched twitter collectively go from being on this mans dick when…
  my teacher in 4th grade wrapped her hands round my neck and choked me for talking too much if y’all gave her a gun I’d be a…
  once I sta cooking for myself and stop eating cereal for every meal it’s over for y’all
  so u really just gon be finer in person? that’s crazy
  someone said Lil Xan looks like a Brockhampton villain ion even know what that means but im dying
"  super smash bros: announced
nintendo switch: purchased"
  the emperors new groove is the most underrated disney movie of all time
  The poison. The poison for Kuzco, the poison chosen especially to kill Kuzco, Kuzco's poison.
  this man matt champion said throw me in the fire baby I’ll survive, and he didn’t win a grammy. wow the establishment contin…
  titties: out
  u let white twitter make a meme for 1 day and they come up with that gru "gorl" shit smh
  wowwwwww Big Sean aint even have the decency to let another Twenty88 album drop before he cheated smh
  y’all thought january took forever and wanted it to speed up now look at us. did february and march even happen. april almos…
 : #TextMemes If nobody is perfect, and I am nobody: [Philosoraptor] Does this mean I am perfect?
  [Most interesting man] I don't always go to the be
  im low maintenance, we can just have an exchange of memes twice a year and i'll still feel you're my soulmate
  Guess I’ll just try this crack.
  A pine tree is just a cold cactus.
  Always lunging to conclusions.
"  Am I doing this right?
Totes smh literally af."
  Elon Musk's greatest accomplishment was becoming sussessful despite having the last name Musk.
  Getting really good hives from you. I mean vibes. Itchy burning vibes.
  I came here to do two things: chew bubblegum, and kick this escape room's ass, and I just found out that bubblegum isn…
  I guess Unicorn does sound better than Single Horned Corn.
  I know they're pretty but waterfalls are extremely wasteful.
  I talked to some plants and they’re a bit pissed about the term ‘bird seed’.
  I’m launching a service where you can hire me to break something that you own so you can justify buying the new better…
  I’m like so ducking fun it’s not even honey.
  If something is bothering you, summon the courage to shove it into the deepest recess of your mind and never acknowled…
  In case you haven’t heard carbs are literally Satan.
  It’s too late to apologize. Wait until morning.
  Love me some Texan Quinoa.
"  Relationship pro tip: 
Have at least 4 kids before deciding if they’re the one."
  The hardest thing about winter is knowing that ghosts are just loving it.
  When assembling something complicated, don’t worry if you get anything wrong in the beginning. It won’t make a differe…
  When I grew up there was no such thing as ice cube tray lids. We took our chances and we lived with the consequences.
  When wiping your counteops make sure to use that days-old rag to ensure an even spread of bacteria everywhere.
  Why don’t you get off your high horse. And get on your low horse. It’s safer.
  With its recent surge in popularity, we all have to do our pa to make sure cauliflower doesn’t get too cocky.
"  2010: Do you ever feel, like a plastic bag? Drifting through the wind, wanting to sta again?

2018: woopdeedee woop poop s…"
  Bee was in my car but I know how hard they've been having so I let him sit shotgun. Didn't even ask him for gas money
"  Bout to do an ASMR of my life! 

*cries for 3 hours*

Alright thanks guys please like and subscribe!"
"  Build your perfect dad:

-Yellow reflector running jacket
-Under armor sunglasses
-Air pods
-Lulu lemon leggings (for men)…"
  Don't let this 280 character update distract you from twitter shutting down Vine in order to dumb us down and get rid of act…
  Ever since Taylor Swift released her single the world has gone to shit
"  Guy: “to become a dog walker you gotta get a PEDIGREE LOL” 

Dog: “are you gonna pick up my shit or not”"
"  He doesn’t
deserve you.....                

if he                            You’re gone
doesn’t…"
  I cried in elementary school when someone called me weird, now it's like a turn on
  I wanna pay with a free range chicken
  Kylie Jenner won the Super Bowl
"  Me: do u know why I pulled u over? 
Cop: wtf is happening 
Me: Where's your K-9? 
Cop: ""we have a deranged mal--""
Me: LET ME…"
  Miley Cyrus proved re-glowups are real
  Net neutrality fails im going back to using my Motorola Razr
  Not showing my son a meme till he's 18. Need to make sure he's mature and ready
  Striving to be thiccer than a bowl of oatmeal
  Twitter is like a big group text, if you post a shitty meme, you're gonna get roasted

